Hello.
I'm Dr. Jonathan Barker, pastor here at Amazing Grace Baptist Church in Mount Airy, North Carolina.
I would like to personally thank you for taking out time today to tune in to our preteen podcast.
We hope that this message will be a great encouragement to your heart today.
Isaiah chapter number 9. Listen to what the Bible said. For unto us a child is born. Verse number 6. I'm sorry, Brother Corey.
For unto us a child is born.
Unto us a son is given.
The government shall be upon his shoulders, and his name shall be called, Watch this, wonderful.
Counselor.
The mighty God, the everlasting Father, the Prince of Peace.
I want to just look at that for just a second and
I talked to you about
what they called him and really the song went right along with it he's wonderful counselor mighty God
the Prince of Peace, that wonderful right there. Can I just say this about Jesus tonight? He is wonderful tonight. Amen.
everything about him tonight is wonderful he's never done me wrong
Can i say that again he's never done me wrong
He never will do me wrong.
He's wonderful tonight. No matter what you look at him as, no matter what you say about him, no matter what you think about him, the end of the discussion is this: Jesus is wonderful.
Wonderful tonight. Jesus is far better to me than I've ever, ever, ever deserved. Amen. He's one, as a matter of fact, I didn't get to that in verse number 42.
We might next Sunday in John chapter number 1 where he talks about him being full of grace and truth. Amen. Hey, he's gracious tonight. He's one.
He's wonderful tonight. We don't deserve him, but I sure am glad that he saw fit to love us. He is wonderful tonight. That word wonderful, man.
means supernatural and it means extraordinary. That's who Jesus is tonight. You just can't explain them, but I'm glad that we can say he is
Say, he is wonderful tonight.
He said, this is our counselor tonight.
The word means this to advise to cancel to purpose to devise a plan let me tell you what he is tonight he's our counselor tonight he's not just one of
It's wonderful, but he is our counselor tonight. If you'll turn to him and seek him over the decisions in your life, I promise you he'll give you the right counsel.
Cancel.
He'll give you the right cancel. You know what? You've got one or two decisions to make when it comes to taking cancel. You can take the right cancel, or you can take the wrong cancel. Not
And I tell you, the right cancer, the right cancer is Jesus tonight in the Word of God. You're so preacher, I'm trying to find counsel in a relationship. Does it line up with
up with the Word of God, being not unequally yoked together with unbelievers. Are they what we are? Do they believe like we do? Do they go to the same kind of church we do? Do they read the same
The same kind of Bible we read at King James Bible. Hey, if they're not yoking up the way we yoke up, then you're taking a wrong cancel house. Hey, he said he's a wonder.
Wonderful counselor tonight. He's not only wonderful, he's the counselor. He said this, according to him, he's the mighty God. Goes back to the message this morning.
morning. He is God incarnated in the man. He is a mighty God. That word simply cares the meaning of this. A hero.
Can i just say this about him he is a hero tonight man jesus is my hero tonight it's a hero we were the first one that is struggling
He's strong, mighty, and invincible. He alone is worthy to be our hero. He has defeated all the enemies in 1 Corinthians. He defeated death.
defeated death in Romans 6 he defeated sin in Genesis 3 he defeated Satan in Matthew 28 he defeated the grave in John 10 he defeated
He defeated hell, thank God. He is our mighty God tonight. He is our hero tonight.
He said this, he's the everlasting father.
He's the everlasting father again. Back to John 1:1. In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. He is the everlasting father again.
Everlasting father he is everlasting he is the great I am he is our father that that word is it means a producer or a
or a generator. In other words, He produced what we are today. We are what we are. What? By the grace of a holy God. He is our source.
He has brought us into being and he sustains our life through his power. He is our everlasting father.
through him being our Father, we see that in Jeremiah 31. He loved us in Psalms 18. He supports us in 2 Timothy 1.
He sustains us in John 14. Thank God he comforts us in Luke 12. He provides for us. You know what? He is the everlasting God.
Our lasting father. He does without so we can have. He done without a relationship with his father. Because he said, my God, my God.
God, why hast thou forsaken me? So that we could have a relationship with the Father. He left heaven so I could go to heaven. He became...
a king's sin so that I could go to heaven. He is my mediator. He is my father tonight.
Then he said this, he said, "He's the Prince of Peace."
He's a prince of peace. You say, "Preacher, what's that mean?" Well, if you know, you know.
And if you don't, you can.
You say, "Preacher, what do you mean?" I'm talking about when everything's going south in your life.
When everything's upside down
When you don't know which way to go, you don't know which way to turn, you don't know which way to look, whether to look up or whether to look down, whether to go forward or whether to go back.
backwards thank God all the sudden out of the midst of nowhere there's a deep settled peace that can come across your soul no matter where you are
Where you're at, no matter what you're going through, He is the Prince of Peace and High. I'm glad that if you walked in here troubled and you walked in here
in here sorrowing tonight. I'm glad this great God sent his son to die for our sins. I'm glad that he did die. I'm glad
I'm glad that he did raise again. I'm glad that he did ascend back into the heavens. Oh, but I sure am glad that he said that he would not leave us comforted.
us but he had sent the Holy Ghost to us that comforter which is the Holy Ghost of God and when I'm in trouble
When I don't understand the cares of this life, I sure am glad that the Holy Ghost, that great peace, that Prince of Peace,
Can speak peace to a troubled heart.
That's who he is tonight.
That's who he is tonight. He is the prince of the
A peace.
I remember the first time
that I ever had peace spoke to my heart
And she's going to begin playing and then they're going to sing this song in the end
I remember the first time i ever had peace spoke to my heart can i tell you about it in closing the night
Can i just tell you about it real quick
July the 20th.
Now, I take 94.
I walked into youth camp and turned the street baptist church
And i went that and high because i had to go i didn't have no choice i had to go
My mom and my daddy made me go that night.
And I walked in that night. I said,
By a halfway back on the left hand side from the pulpit.
I don't know, there was probably 650, 700 people there that night.
Man, he up broke out a little bit. The preacher never even got to preach.
And i guess it's about a quarter till 10 we were still in church
and I'm gonna tell you what my soul was troubled
I mean this in days gone by i had made a profession i don't even remember it the only reason i know that i made a profession is because i remember
I remember my daddy baptizing me. But that was the very first time that
The very first time that I really remember
I beg God, run my bell and show me I was going to die and go to hell.
Boy i'll never forget that night
My soul was troubled man.
I thought all this and that is preached about.
Boy, I'd heard the great men of God of days going by, standing, preach.
And I thought all this they preached about.
I'm going to die and go to hell.
Daddy's not going to take me to heaven, will he?
Mama's not gonna take me to heaven with her. Rebecca's not gonna take me to heaven with her. I'm gonna die and go to hell. Boy, I'll never forget I got up that night and I'll die again.
I might make my way down. Went through the door, went to the adult men's prayer room, and there that night I met the Prince of Peace. Boy, my soul was
always in trouble I was turned inside out I thought I was gonna die and go to hell but thank God for mercy I hadn't thanked God for
God for grace. I'm glad that when I cried out to him, I met the prince of peace.
That night.
He gave me peace.
That I've never got over.
I'll tell you something tonight
He'll do the same thing.
For you.
Jesus was more than just that baby in Bethlehem's manger.
He was so much more